Update _projects.md (#3292)
circleci/circleci-docs: src-api/source/includes/_projects.md

Returns an array of all projects you are currently following on CircleCI, with build information organized by branch.

> **Note**: When making an API request for Project information, you may experience performance lag and a decrease in overall performance while the request is being processed by the server. To improve performance, CircleCI recommends you pass the `shallow` parameter in your request.

Reviewer: Could you put this section next to the "recent builds for all projects" endpoint? That's the one that really affects us.

Author: Fixed

limit | The number of builds to return. Maximum 100, defaults to 30.
offset | The API returns builds starting from this offset, defaults to 0.
filter | Restricts which builds are returned. Set to "completed", "successful", "failed", "running", or defaults to no filter.
shallow | An optional boolean value that may be sent to improve overall performance if set to 'true.'

### Improving Performance In Recent Build Requests Using the `Shallow` Parameter

When making API requests for information about recent builds, you may experience performance lag and a decrease in overall performance while the request is being processed by the server. To improve performance, CircleCI recommends you pass the `shallow` parameter in your request.

> The example below shows a user request for recent build information. Notice that when the user passes the `shallow` parameter, a limited set of information is returned, thereby improving response time and minimizing performance lag. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example to the right shows a user request for recent build information. Notice that when the user passes the `shallow` parameter, a limited set of information is returned, thereby improving response time and minimizing performance lag. 
```

Author: Fixed

> #### Sample Request Using the `Shallow` Parameter

Reviewer 2: So, we actually want to move this in-line with the code examples by using the markdown quote block (`>`). You can see us doing it on line [188](https://github.com/circleci/circleci-docs/pull/3292/files#diff-960fbf6be43efb049b04a2a2ea6c46e6R188)

This ends up interspersing raw text in-between code examples in the right pane, as seen below.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12987958/56210230-5e13f980-6023-11e9-82fb-73eee12e395b.png)

The markdown source code to create the above formatting looks like:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12987958/56210497-f7dba680-6023-11e9-9ebc-4a5cc04ab1c6.png)

---

So we still need to add a new curl example that uses `shallow=true`. Adding something like the below should work:

```
curl https://circleci.com/api/v1.1/recent-builds?limit=1&shallow=true

> Sample Request Using the `Shallow` Parameter
```

Author: Fixed
